Pacman CMPS 427 character controller

Alright nerds, here's how this shit works


We're mapped to a Logitech Dual Action controller, it has the same buttons as a ps3 controller.
As such, I'm going to refer to buttons as their PS3 counterparts, their unity mapping, and the controller button numbers
here's the format:
PS3/UNITYMAPPING/DUAL ACTION NUMBER

Joysticks
left control stick: Pacman's directional movement. This update with the camera, so forward on the joystick sends you
towards the direction of the current camera view.

right control stick: Camera controls. It's inverted, but feel free to change that. Right to look right, left to look left, up to look down, down to look up.

right button pad
triangle/Joystick button 3/ button 4: jump. while jumping, you have the same speed as when you're running, but further input allows for different actions

square/Joystick button 0/ button 1: Nothing

X/Joystick button 1/ button 2: Nothing

O/Joystick button 2/ button 3: Nothing

bumpers/triggers
L1/Joystick Button 4/ button 5: crouch. while you're on the ground, you can hold this button to crouch down. you're very slow and can't jump, not too useful
normally, but hear me out

L2/Joystick Button 6/ button 7: Nothing

R1/Joystick Button 5/ button 6: hover: While jumping, you can hold down the R1 button to hover for a brief period. after a timer finishes, you fall to the ground
you're lateral movement is unaffected, but it lets you cover more distance before you fall, allowing you to span gaps otherwise too long for pacman
bit of an error(feature?), if you mash the hover button instead of just holding it, you can cover a lot more distance than normal, usually about ten units, 
but depends on your timing. so not a LOT more, but certainly a noticable amount.

R2/Joystick Button 7/ button 8: while crouching, hold this button to begin charging a dash. bit of a caveat, if you let got of the crouch button while charging,
your charge will still continue, but if you let go before your charge is finished while crouch remains unpressed, your charge pauses and you're stuck in the
charge state until you finish the charge or you crouch button again. Also, you only dash forward, you dont move at an angle if you launch off of a slope.

